Before you start this video you must tell you guys
Something like that was going on behind the scenes for a while
I did not really want to treat him just in the hope that it would go away
But sometimes you just
It's better to talk about it and hope things get better, but I've seen
Jaxfields
YIAY is better than LWIAY
JaxFilmS copied my content for literally weeks
I know it's a joke like ya ha ha ha I've stolen my content but I've increased it
I'm tired of it
So I wanted to show you, comrades, because you know that I am frank with you
what happened
Well I made that offer
It gave me time to review your requests. I asked you to edit these pictures now on Alfotoshob
I'm going to review like a really real fun idea
All I do is original ideas and I have many of those ideas
I have really wonderful ideas and then quite a day after this guy
Utopir hate becoming one of the best
I have already sent some pictures to me and I carry a blank paper
And I will leave you guys do what you like in the pictures, it is OK that they have only once
I will not comment on this but then you do
How to spot a squad fam
This is true squad fam
I'm starting to invite you guys
It's like a fun new idea that I've created myself
Then of course
What happens to a squad fam fam squad?
What's new?
He has just made her move this is not funny
Well it's only twice but do it right?
I asked you to create a thumbnail of this video of course
Later I asked you to make me a thumbnail of this video.
How do you get those avacars, Jack?
How did you get that idea?
It really started bothering me for a long time and then it was so boring
YIAY is better than LWIAY It's just that you've exceeded your limits
And it is even
Has the same presenter
And then dare to call me on his channel
I had the integrity so far to keep this between us, and then it could cost me the video
I'm trying to be a good guy here guys really
I want you to stop copying Biodebe and his own LWIAY
By the way is my opinion presented by the new audiope? Let me see her in order
Thank you Jack for the introduction
Now let 's start the episode LWIAY - best show and do not add
I'll add you with 6,000 lawyers I'm sending this season
its war
Last week I asked you to publish some good old jokes on Beydeepe Supredit today I will review these rules
It's a games room in my house
I have nothing to do with this
It's just a joke but can you do it? Yes you can because it des
It closes
next one
I have $ 399 What can I do with it? BioDay wants to know your site
Very nice joke
I'm surprised I've lived longer than I thought
Making a very good song
Very cool I am happy
I'm glad it's very interesting to see that those old jokes will live all this long
Some of the follower and some come back again and some come crawling from the excavation to them
O God, one another
It's another remix f
This good is very good
He has defended but defended the most important is helping John to restore his own YouTube channel
I would have forgotten
Johnny This is the most sad and the most cruel thing and cruel
I saw him right now
Johnny got a letter from someone who told him
I want to help you record a video
It was so good that you got it right, you guys went to Johnny's Channel and cleared it
No one really knows what happened then this new channel appeared and everybody was like
Oh, is that it really is then explained here in the video, and that this is more sad
I'm trying to do a real Johnny job
And
everybody
It 's me real or not
Basically Johnny is
Karaoke on YouTube I made a video for him because I thought what he was doing was great
I wanted it
I wanted to give him attention and you guys were so wonderful I saw you leave wonderful comments
He was very happy with that but it was a very nice thing but someone stole his channel
I've cut it to let you know it has been scammed on me
Because I did not think there would be anyone with this evil
I've been talking to YouTube and I'm trying to help him retrieve his channel again. I do not know why it takes so long
I do not know what they're going to do to help him, but he did a 9-year video compilation
It has 9 years content which has just been wiped out and this is very difficult
But I feel a bit responsible because it would not have happened unless I made a video about Johnny
Johnny has a sponsor and I will put him at the bottom of the description
He also has a new channel that I will put down below
Go and help the man abroad
He attacked but most importantly he helps John to get his YouTube channel back. I'll regret it though
Mubarak 60 million Bio-Bay
You mostly did not see it, but I made it a week before I got to 60 million
Thank you for your new products
Come with a poster to make sure that I'm talking about the 50 million product
Check them in the link at the bottom of the description
do you know
I'll only rate 1 of 10 because I'm in it
I really hate ads
I have many of them I do not get ads definitively What! How is this possible? I'm just watching Bio-Pi
Damn you do not understand ☺
He is naked Edgar
Yes it is again
It's a misunderstanding that they think I'm stealing ideas, but that's the opposite
Just check the history of the video you've done first
It's not really fair
I try with every effort I come up with a new idea and all that I want is stealing it
I do not understand
Do you know the way
Nice little joke you have done a good job you have more subscribers than Italy
Pathetic
Italy
Cheers on you
Additional joke
I almost do not know how long the video I am trying to help editors
A little bit, but they did not make the video long enough for Felix
You can not afford $ 300 for the chair, and I have completely lost touch with the fact that this is not the case
Tsui estimated that 😉
Buy the dreaded chair 😶
Damn you right
Congratulations 60 million
Thank you, but we could not do this without each other. Thank you guys so much for 60 million subscribers
This really means a lot. I did not think we could do it
I know it looks like a joke or I try to be modest but
Frankly I thought the 50 million biggest ones would get it
So I really am really proud and I am really glad that you guys have been involved and
You know the 60 million club
We get 70 million subscribers. Thank you guys for watching and leaving I'm really grateful to you